docs: Fix duplicate meta descriptions (#736)
knocklabs/docs: content/integrations/chat/slack/sending-a-direct-message.mdx

---
title: Sending a direct message to a user in Slack

> description: "How to configure and send direct messages to Slack users through Knock's integration."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "How to configure and send direct messages to Slack users through Knock."
```
